You were right.
As expected, it was an heirloom
left by the Foundation, the Gozu
Tennou.
Who's using it?
Hiss.
As to that...
Huh?
Hmm. All right. Got it.
I'm on it.
[grunting]
Oh!
Hey!
[grunting]
[grunts]
All right!
Next group!
[grunting]
[small scream]
[heavy breathing]
(Shino) Next!
[grunts]
[grunting]
Denki! Nice!
I'm trying! I can't just keep
being unskilled forever.
Did you hack your body, then?
Uh, I can't do that!
All right! Let's finish this!
Right!
[heavy breathing]
[grunting]
You cool?
[screaming/grunting]
Denki!
I'm okay! But I don't think I
can make it! You two finish
without me!
[exhales]
Shadow Clone Jutsu!
[taken aback]
Never give up, okay?
We'll help!
Thanks!
[yelling]
Go!
Ah!
[grunts]
Denki!
[screaming]
Thanks, Mitsuki.
You too, Boruto.
Well we can't have you dropping
out after you made it this far.
[buzzer]
Huh?
[groans]
[whispering]
That was a tough break. You guys
can join up with us next time.
You're never gonna pass if you
got Denki on your team.
Uh.
That isn't true at all! You just
don't know about all the amazing
things Denki can do!
(Shino) Quite, everyone!
For this practice assignment,
everyone has failed!
[shocked murmurs] I finished
within the time limit!
Unless all three members of your
team finish together, you fail.
(Shino) That's because genin
always work in groups of three!
Which means, your missions will
be done in three‐man teams.
For success in a mission,
teamwork is essential.
Abandoning a comrade is simply
out of the question!
[sighs]
When you graduate from the
Academy, you're all gonna fall
under our command.
Before then, we're going to come
and observe you periodically.
That way, we can put together
the best teams.
But there's no point obsessing
about it.
Just try out different
combinations and see how they
work.
All right, then!
Class dismissed!
Thank you, Sensei!
No Ghost Incidents since the
post office, right?
Oh yeah! Guess we must have
really scared that guy away.
We almost had him! We came
really close to catching him
that last time.
Well, it doesn't help that he
escaped.
And I bet he's gonna be a lot
more cautious, now.
That's true. And even if Boruto
can see the ghost, we still
don't know who's behind it.
He knew we were looking, and he
still caused an incident, so
he's bound to start up again.
That means the enemy must have a
plan.
Some of the grown‐ups are
starting to get involved.
Maybe we shouldn't look into
this whole thing too hard.
We've come too far to just give
up now! I won't let them treat
us like little kids!
[stomach growls]
But never mind that now. We've
gotta hurry up!
Or else those tasty yakisoba
buns are gonna be all sold out!
Hey! Wait, Boruto!
Yeah! I'm coming along, too!
Damn it. Boruto always
messes me up.
About that practice.
Huh?
I understand Sensei's words.
But for the success of a
mission...
wouldn't it make more sense if I
just went ahead on my own?
Uh, yeah but, it would also mean
that you would have to abandon
your teammates.
Oh! So then, do you know why I
acted the way I did?
Huh? [laughing]
[laughing] I don't know. Maybe
Boruto got to you, too.
(Shikadai) That guy is such a
drag.
This year's students look quite
promising!
They're beginning to show a
maturity that exceeds our
expectations.
If they keep it up, they'll
become fine shinobi.
Did any students pique your
interest?
Well, let me see. It seems like
Iwabe Yuino is coming out of his
shell nicely.
And uh, Boruto shows a lot of
vitality.
Of course! I mean Boruto is the
pride of Lord Seventh, after
all.
Why are you bragging about him?
Who cares? Lord Seventh gave me
the responsibility of
watching...
Yeah, yeah, I've heard
it a hundred times.
When you talk about Lord
Seventh, Konohamaru,
time drags on and on.
[dramatic gasp]
Boruto Uzumaki.
There isn't any doubt that he's
the one who's become the nucleus
of the entire class.
(Konohamaru) Although at the
same time, he's also the nucleus
of trouble!
[sighs]
Hmm?
Iwabe! What's going on, buddy?
Oh! Boruto. Don't bother me now.
I'm busy.
He probably has to
stay after school again.
Shut up!
What part don't you get?
[groans] Damn it! This one!
Oh! For problems like that what
you have to do is separate them
into groups by objects first.
[mouth full] You see? And then
you just drop them into the
formula.
(Iwabe) Oh, I get it. But hold
on, show me again.
(Boruto) Heh! You're hopeless.
Okay so...
Hey.
Huh? What is it?
I heard some rumors that you're
feeling out of place in class.
[grunts] Are you picking a
fight?
But right at this moment, you
seem to be enjoying yourself.
[sighs]
Is that because of Boruto?
I, I don't know.
Hmm.
[school chatter]
You've been paying a lot of
attention to Boruto lately.
Well, because, it seems he's
always having fun.
Hmm.
Everyone gravitates toward him.
Why do you think that is?
It's cause he's an idiot.
Wha?
Boruto couldn't care less about
what others think.
He makes up his own mind about
everything.
He got sick and tired of being
judged...
for no other reason than he
happened to be the son of the
Hokage.
(Inojin) That's why he tries
extra hard to see things through
his own eyes.
Although sometimes that just
ends up making things worse.
He causes a lot of unnecessary
trouble. That's why he's an
idiot.
But still, that's why
everyone's drawn to him.
People love to be
accepted just as they
are, right?
Oh! But having a guy like
that around can be a pain
as well.
Especially for people like the
Class Rep. He probably stresses
her out more than anyone.
Maybe I'm over thinking it!
[laughing]
The Class Rep...
You seem to be
doing much better.
Mitsuki, hey.
It's just you, huh?
Are your injuries healing?
Yeah. They told me I'll
be discharged soon.
I see. That's great.
We can't have you
dying on us, after all.
Huh?
Actually, I'm dealing
with some things, too.
Um, may I please
ask you something?
Can you tell me how
you feel about Boruto?
What do you mean?
Inojin said that Boruto's
behavior places a great deal of
stress on you.
That isn't true at all!
Sure, a lot of times there can
be some trouble in class.
And I'm always a little stressed
out about that.
But it's kind of fun with Boruto
around. Don't you think so, too?
And what about you?
Me?
Well I, I don't really
know yet.
Do you have any family, Mitsuki?
Well, kinda.
Oh, I see.
(Sumire) I'd always thought that
you were like me.
You mean, you don't have any
family?
Hmm. All of them have
passed on, now.
When I was young, my
father was a ninja too.
But I'm not as skilled as he was
so that's why I worry, and why I
work so hard to do well.
But then being in this class
with everyone else...
before I knew it, I was having
so much fun.
It got me wondering what I'd
been doing before all this.
What did I do with all that
time?
Hey.
How do you feel about the person
who did this? Who hurt you.
I don't know. I just want all of
this to be over, so I can put it
behind me.
That's how I feel.
[school chatter]
Hey, Boruto.
Oh hey, what's up, Mitsuki?
Hmm.
Uhh.
(Boruto) I'm home!
Oh! Welcome back.
Thank you for having me over.
Anytime! You're Mitsuki, right?
Hey! Hi there!
Oh hello, Himawari!
Wow! I can't believe that Big
Brother actually brought a
friend home!
What? Come on! It's not like
it's that unusual, is it?
Uh.
Oh, wow! What a feast!
You said you were bringing a
friend home for dinner, so I
thought I'd go all out.
Thanks for doing all this, but
it's kind of overboard don't you
think?
Just act normal, Mom!
Mitsuki! Dinner will
be ready soon.
(Hinata) And Boruto, guess what?
Dad's going to be coming home
early for a change!
He is? really?
Yup! Daddy's joining us!
Hold on, so Dad's actually
coming home?
Oh, well, guess it can't be
helped.
You don't want him to?
Huh? No I, no it isn't that
exactly I...
Anyway, come with me and I'll
show you my room.
Let's go!
Please make yourself at home.
Have a good time, boys.
You can just sit anywhere you
want to.
Your dad is the Seventh Hokage,
right?
Yeah...
Huh. I've never actually
talked to him before.
Yeah all right, fine, I'll
introduce you to him later on,
then.
Naruto Uzumaki, the Seventh
Hokage.
(Mitsuki) The hero who brought
an end to the Fourth Great Ninja
War.
Who possesses immense chakra...
and has command of an
overwhelming number of jutsu.
Lord Hokage, whose skill makes
him possibly the strongest of
the Five Kage.
I've heard that he's amazing.
You don't actually have to
bother with the "Lord" part,
though.
I know I can't speak for
everybody else...
but here at our house, he's just
our good‐for‐nothing dad.
He makes Mom do everything. He
can't do anything around the
house.
He only nags and eats ramen.
That's my stupid old man for ya!
Hmm. Hey.
So tell me, do you like Lord
Hokage? Or hate him?
Huh?
[sighs]
Well, I guess...
(Hinata) Hey, you two! Dinner's
ready!
[sighs] Let's go.
Oh, wow, all I ever see you eat
are hamburgers and yakisoba
buns.
So I figured you ate stuff like
that at home as well.
Hey, quit talking about that
stuff in front of my mom!
Okay, eat up! Go ahead, Mitsuki.
(Naruto) I'm home!
Oh! It's Daddy!
[sighs]
Welcome home!
Hey guys, and here, Ichiraku's
Char Siu.
Oh, nice!
Daddy! Guess what? I helped
Mommy make all of the food for
dinner tonight!
Oh, really? Wow, that's
terrific!
[scoffs] Well, you're late
again, just like always.
Hmm? Oh, you must be...
My name is Mitsuki, of the
Hidden Sound.
Oh, I've heard about you. I'm
Naruto Uzumaki.
Yes, I've heard lots of stories
about you from my parent, Lord
Hokage.
It's been a while since Boruto
brought a friend home.
Seeing this makes me really
happy!
Hmm. Welcome, Mitsuki! Please be
good to Boruto.
Sure.
What the heck are you talking
about? I'm the one who's being
good to him, ya know?
(Naruto) Okay, I got
it, I got it.
Just quit it, Dad.
All right! I've only been able
to eat instant noodles lately!
It's been so long since I had
your home‐cooking, Hinata!
I see. He is your
father, after all.
[scoffs] Don't lump
me in with him.
(All) Thank you for the food!
[laughing] All right! Let's dig
in!
Uh.
[laughing] Huh?
(Boruto) Uh, Dad?
(Naruto) A strange chakra?
(Shikamaru) Yeah, it's spreading
across the village. We got a
report from the Barrier Team.
It's similar to the one detected
in the incidents of people
rampaging.
Sai's already out looking into
it.
Understood.
I'll let you know if there's
anything more.
You have't been able to go home
early much. Just take it easy
tonight and...
No way. I'm heading straight
back there right now.
What's wrong, dear?
I'm sorry, Hinata. But I
have to go back to...
Not again!
Look, there's been another
incident, so I...
It's always like this! Why does
it have to be you?
(Naruto) Boruto.
I'm the Hokage. If someone in
the village is in need, I have
to go.
(Naruto) The entire village is
my family. You understand
that, don't you?
No, I'll never understand!
Boruto!
I'll go get him.
Huh?
Thanks a lot, Mitsuki.
Right.
Oh, Naruto...
So that's Mitsuki, huh?
The Hokage is much busier than I
imagined he would be.
Hey.
You know, before he was always
there for me. And for Himawari,
too.
But since he became the Hokage,
it's all about work.
It's always because he's the
Hokage. He never comes home
because he's the Hokage!
He's never there for us because
he's the Hokage!
Hokage, Hokage, Hokage! Just who
the hell is the Hokage, anyway?
So to answer your question,
yeah, I hate the Hokage.
Oh, really? because when I look,
all that I see is your love for
the Hokage.
No way! What do you mean?
The Hokage is someone who
sacrifices those closest to him
for the village!
And I don't need that person!
So that's the reason I will
never abandon those who are
close to me!
I'm gonna do what my Dad
couldn't, and show him the
light!
[gasps]
I'm going to do what my parent
couldn't.
I see. So it's the same for you,
too.
Hey, Boruto.
I came here tonight to
tell you something.
Huh? What is it?
Hmm. I've been wondering
if I should tell you.
But it seems like I should.
Huh?
I know who it is, behind the
Ghost Incident.
[gasps]
(Boruto) [scoffs] That's
seriously not funny, Mitsuki.
(Mitsuki) It's the truth,
though.
Right before every incident,
each victim was in direct
contact with...
(Boruto) Are you saying that's
when the Ghost was implanted
onto them?
(Mitsuki) If you don't want to
believe me, then you are free
not to.
But I think it's too late,
anyway.
(Boruto) What the hell is that?
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: "The Demon Beast
Appears!"
(Mitsuki) Looks like it's begun.